# Question 6

One of the main issues I ran into while completing Question 3 was the mutual exclusion and how to implement it seemlessly into the code. One of the main issues behind this was the creation of infinite loops because the mutex wasn't implemented properly. A solution to this issue was the implementation of multiple mutex variables and using them to ensure that only one system was able to run at one time, but only to those who shared resources. An initial solution to this only used one mutex variable which resulted in a deadlock.

Another issue that could easily be ran into during the implementation of this program would be forgetting to increase or decrease the number of planes that are actively in the traffic pattern. This would allow more than the desired number of planes into the pattern, or it wouldn't allow more planes to join the pattern after one has landed.

When accounting for the time delay for the actions that were assumed to have no time delay, there could be issues of the air traffic controller not being able to effectively manage all these programs. This would potentially cause accidents or collisions. A potential solution would be the implementation of more mutexes, most likely including more complicated conditions. This could easily become complex and would create the possibility for difficult code as well as code that is prone to bugs and issues. A simpler fix would be to add more ATC personnel. While there would be more mutexes required when implimenting this, it would be much simpler and could possibly be less prone to errors.